[2.20.x backport][GEOS-10243] OSHI may generate high CPU load on Windows (#5569)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/configuration/status.rst

If the ``System status`` tab is not present, it means that the plugin was not installed correctly. The ``System status`` tab content will be refreshed automatically every second.  

Enable All Statistics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When enabled, It displays the information of the listed System Status Info properties. It is disabled by default. Disabling is useful if GeoServer is generating a high CPU load due to system status computations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables the displays the information of the listed System Status Info properties. It is disabled by default. Disabling is useful if GeoServer is generating a high CPU load due to system status computations.
```

Author: Updated,
As this is backport, Raised a PR: [5578](https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/pull/5578) to apply this change on the main branch.
